---
navigation.title: 'Home'
layout: 'full-width'
---

# PAMBROKE WHELSH CORGI PUPPIES IN SOUTH AFRICA

The Corgi breed has always been extremely popular and their demand has only increased since the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, a Corgi lover herself. Besides their good looks, Corgis are energetic with playful personalities, they are extremely smart and loyal. They are stubborn and outgoing, but most importantly – they will steal your heart!

## test me



The Pambroke Whelsh Corgi comes in two colour variations: `Red & White` and `Tricolour`.




## IMPORTANT: BEWARE OF SCAMS! 
Due to the breed’s popularity there are unfortunately a lot of scams that desperate buyers have been caught by. Things to look out for:
 - Legitimate breeders will likely have a waiting list for puppies, if a breeder claims to have puppies available on demand something is not right. 
- You should never be required to pay any upfront fee before seeing the puppies. A deposit of about 50% is however standard with most breeders once they can show you which puppy will be yours.
- Most breeders will vet you and require an application form, if you are being offered a puppy freely without any background check it is definitely too good to be true. 
- A legitimate breeder won’t mind speaking to you on the phone, scammers tend to work via email only. 
- Look out for a price that seems too good to be true. You would not easily find a Corgi for under R10 000. 
- If the photos you receive from a breeder seem too staged or overly professional this could be a scam, real breeders would normally send you photos that they have taken themselves on a smartphone. Always request video proof as well. 
- Another indication of a scam is normally the need for the puppies to be shipped to you, but unfortunately with Corgis this is often necessary as there are not that many breeders in South Africa, especially not in the Western Cape. 


### NOW FOR THE GOOD PART, IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN A CORGI PUPPY YOU CAN SIGN UP FOR OUR WAITING LIST:

Please note that unfortunately we cannot give you an indication of how long you would need to wait. We breed sustainably and cannot predict when our dogs will fall pregnant or how many puppies will be birthed. All we can do is contact those on the waiting list once we have a puppy available for them. 

Getting a Corgi puppy will take time and patience, but we promise it is worth the wait, whether you end up getting one from us or another breeder. 
We cannot guarantee that everyone on our waiting list will eventually receive a puppy, we can only reach out to you as and when we have puppies available. Best of luck!



::button-link{icon="simple-icons:datadog" href="waiting-list" external}
Join the Waiting List
::

## Our process

1. If we contact you to let you know we have a puppy available for you and  you indicate that you wish to proceed, our process is as follows:
2. You will need to submit an application form
3. If we are happy with your application we will set up a Zoom Video Call with you where we show you the puppy, vet you and tell you more about the puppy and its parents.
4. If you wish to proceed from there you will need to pay a 50% deposit to secure your puppy. 
We will then send you updates, videos and photos of the puppy via Whatsapp as the puppy grows. 
5. Once the puppy is 10 weeks old they will be ready to come home to you. At this stage the remainder of the payment is due and you will need to cover the cost of getting the puppy to you. We are based in Cape Town so you can either collect the puppy or we can fly them to you via Pet Lounge. This flight can be between R1000 – R2000 but we will send you the quote from Pet Lounge directly. 
